Okay, so we've been covering your economy and your goals in regards to economy, and you mentioned that you would like to start working. Yes, that's correct. That's great. That's actually one of our strengths, I would say, if we all do the work. So tell me about your work history. I had a few summer jobs here and there, but shorter terms from the municipality jobs, cleaning parks. So when was the last time you worked? It was this summer, so now it's October. Are you applying for jobs now? I am, I have to, but it's very hard to find something right now. Because we also help with all the things you need to apply for a job, like your resume and such. Would you want help with those things as well? That would be great. And we can also prep you if you want for interviews and recruitment processes. I would really like that. So what do you want to work with? If you could have a job tomorrow, what would you want to work with? I would like to become a dentist, because it pays well, but it seems like a long way and I don't have the grades to become a dentist. So that could be a goal you have for later in life, where you could study and work and then eventually become a dentist. So you're right, a dentist probably won't hire you tomorrow, because they need educated people. So what would you do? Do you have any ideas of any other work that you would want to do now? Maybe receptionist at a hotel? That seems like a very chic job. So I guess you're social, you like to talk to people and such? Yeah, yes. Service-minded, would you say? Yes, I'm service-minded. But I don't really like cafes or restaurants, because I don't like to get my hands dirty. Okay, so a receptionist. I understand, it's a difference. Do you have any, like if you look back to what you have been studying and what you have worked with or other things, do you have any experience that you think is useful for working as a receptionist? Hmm, I mean, I don't think it is the same thing, but I did my internship in school. I was an intern at a grocery store. In the cashier, I was sitting one day and that was fun. Yeah, that's good. That's a good experience. That will definitely be on your resume. Okay, so do you have any, since you get the services, the aid from the social services, I guess you are like enrolled in employment programs and such? Yes. Do you have, what kind of help do you get from the program? Not much. No, mostly applying for jobs, I guess? Yeah, they offered me to go somewhere to get help with writing my CV and search for jobs, but I don't like to go there. Yeah, do you, have they offered you some kind of like coach to help you? I think they did, but I have not reached out and wanting that help yet. I think we're going to look at the whole picture. I think we're going to start, you know, from resume, from the interview training, to do the searching together, to do like all of it together to see. That sounds very nice. Great.