Hi, who are you? Hi, I'm participant 25362. Okay, hello. How are you today? I'm good, I'm nervous to be here. Nervous? Why are you nervous? Because I have so many issues and I don't know if you can help me, maybe. Okay, I see. Well, shall we start with some questions and then we can figure out what is going on with you. Yes, sounds good. How do you feel in general? I'm good in general. Like I mean I like where I live, I like my school, but it's very stressful living with the social services. All I'm thinking about is where am I going to live in three months, who's going to help me with stuff. So I'm stressed and have anxiety I would say. Do you get any help with your stress from the social service? No, they only say that you have a lot of time, everything will work out. I see. Do you have any contact with any psychologist or doctors? No, I don't trust them. You don't trust them? No. Why don't you trust them? I don't know, I just don't like to talk to them, they ask weird questions. I don't think they can help me. Okay, but you said that you have been in contact with them but you don't trust them, is that correct? Yes. Okay, how many times have you been in contact with them? I don't know, many times over the years, but I have one now, one psychologist that I have to go to. Okay, that's good. So you say that you need help to find a place to live, but how would you see your free time? Is that meaningful? Yeah, it's good. I play a lot of soccer and sports and I like to walk around, but I don't have very much free time because I need to focus on school and to find money. Okay, is that something you would like to have some extra support? You know, free time you mean? With the school and getting a job? Yes. Have you had any jobs before? I've had those jobs that you get from the municipality, like three weeks in summer. And how has that been? Very boring. Boring. What did you do? I cleaned parts, planted flowers, painted walls. Okay. I want to do healthcare or maybe become a doctor. Okay, and you're in school now? Yes. Do you think that is good? It's good, but it's also hard and stressful. This last year is very, very tough. Okay, and what year are you in? I'm going to graduate in summer, but I'm not going to fully graduate. So I would have to continue to study in fall also. Okay, so is it like your last year of school? Yes. And you're going to continue in the fall? Yes, I hope so. I need help with that. Absolutely. And you want to become a doctor you say? Maybe. Yeah? Or a nurse or something. Do you know your way to become a doctor? What do you need to study to prepare for that? No. Would you like to? Yes. Yes?