Now the recording starts for participants 83729. Hi and welcome to the youth program. I'm Hanna, I'm the coordinator here. Thank you so much. So you're super welcome. I hear that you might be interested in our program. That is correct, yes. So when we work here, we do a lot of things. So I'm going to ask you a lot of questions, but it is to get the full picture and to understand how we can help you and what your goals are. Okay. And one of the areas is economy. Yes. Because our goal is for you to improve your economy and to plan ahead. So let's start with what do you feel in regards to the, when I say economy, how does that make you feel? What are your thoughts? I'm so stressed about money and paying rent. So what's your, do you have any income today? I get income from, I have to apply for ekonomisk bistånd, what is that in English? Some social service aid. Yeah. So that I have to apply every month. And it's not a lot because my rent is very high. I live in one of those apartments that the municipality offers you. And Stockholm is very expensive. But can you survive on the income and support that you get today? Do you have like money left over when the month ends? No, I'm only always on minus. I'm very stressed. So how do you, what do you do when you end up on minus? Do you have savings or do you have credit cards? So I try not to eat so much the last days because I can't afford to buy food. But I do have a friend that like takes out some cash and she gives me some so I can eat. But that's it. I understand it sounds very stressful and it's very common. But we will have a year if you want to, to work on this. It's going to be hard and tough, but we'll get you on the other side. Thank you. So do you feel that you have control of your economy now? No, I don't. Because when I get the money every month, I have to first of all pay my rent and I pay everything I need to pay. But then I also am so hungry and I'm very eager to have money on my account again that I spend everything at once. Do you know where your spendings go? Do you like have a budget or overview of your spendings? I don't have a budget. Do you know the concept of a budget? I've heard of it, but I would like to know more. They say, I mean, it's a boring thing, but it's a very useful thing to get this overview. Have you ever been thinking about saving money? I wish I could. If you want to, we could make a plan for that as well, how to save even, you know, little by little. It's going to help you come far in the end. That would be nice. Do you have any, and I'm sorry if this is a personal question, but it's important to reach that goal. Do you have any debts? No, maybe just to my friends, but it's nothing. They're very nice and they don't stress me about it, but I would like to one day pay them back. Yeah. So you have the support from the social services. Are you interested to find a job or do you want to go back to school or what do you want to do? Yes, I would like to first get a job. And then maybe study something later in life.